IBLCATALOG-616: add set method to manually set a key in cache (#94)
bbc/ceych: README.md

Invalidates the current cache entry for the given function and args combination. The function passed should be the unwrapped, initial function.

#### `ceych.set()`

> Use this to manually sets the cache entry for the given function and args combination. You can use this to overrwrite an existing cache entry to a newer one.

Author: ```suggestion
Use this to manually set the cache entry for the given function and args combination. You can use this to overwrite an existing cache entry to a newer one.
```
